[Music] I do
n't know if I also have
some images here
or if I had them saved on video. There are many
more people than the image of those who
went to the demonstration.
This means that there are more people who
support Rocío Carrasco. That
comparison is absurd. We are talking
about the Antonio David concentration.
First of all, we didn't know that he was going and
Antonio David wasn't confirmed,
nothing had been prepared for the singer. We are
talking about the fact that it was organized by
anonymous people, I mean, no, nothing can be compared. I
mean, it wasn't a concert that ca
n't be compared at all
because there is a lot of fusion that they are
holding on to this,
really like that, nor were they Madrid.
Point number one, it wasn't, it seems, it's not that
this is the most important, in total, this is the
most important, the face of the thumbnail.
I am already used to when they make
videos of us, they show us the worst photo that exists.
Point number one was not in Madrid,
without the most important, totally, we didn't
know, the visit was not confirmed
or that he would show up and Antonio David
was not confirmed for us it was a
surprise.
Point number 2, it was
understandable, but we had the doubt
that
if there had been  confirmed less about
more people now it was the point d the
most important point of Madrid well
surely the most important if
we had organized this in Madrid
I would say that we are
going to see a lot of people we
cannot know something that has not happened
but man I would say that a lot more people
who are from Malaga we are talking about the
concert there are a lot of people from around and
from all over Spain who have traveled to Madrid
different different
for this is that what was compared
because this streak I can do what I
want but I like that
objective another thing is that
a concentration of Rocío Carrasco is done
and it is also done
in a city where it is not Madrid or
Barcelona or Valencia or Seville I do
not want to disparage Malaga at
all but the connections are the
connections we are not going to compare Madrid or
Barcelona
I know with other capitals not because of the
issue of connections and because of the issue of number
of inhabitants
point number 2
well it has the date but the date I do
not know which is worse because one has been
part
[Music]
part of the working day during the week
part at night it is not
the same it is the same it is not Friday either  We
have not this was last Saturday
morning the Syrians and a Saturday
morning or a Tuesday night man
in part there is such
apart especially another strong point it is not
organized by by media c
these are totally
absurd comparisons I tell you this has been
organized by three people outside Antonio
la Villa Olga and in anonymous people without
economic potential that cost them
a lot that in fact they changed the
date because it could not be done
lightly as you already know they sold a
date and then it was another because
everything had to be done legally and it is that they also did not
understand this he explained to me that they did not
understand this then that's it
and also wheat one thing everyone
who was in Madrid
[Music]
in the frame on Wednesday day that outside
were surely from Madrid but it is that
here here
from outside but what was here was incredible
from the
Balearic Islands of the Canary Islands of the clown
point number one what of Madrid Madrid
Malaga point number 2 is organized by
Mediaset and with the scope it makes me
organized
this is not
exact in fact it is organized by
Media it seems short to me 3,000  4,000
people point number 3 we are talking
about the artists hand in hand but it is that they
said that they did not fill it because they were
seeing now Javier you
know that Jorge's work collapses
but point number important also the
artists that had this was not a
made concert it was us there
eating some sandwiches in the square
well this was not it you were going to see anyone
singing if you had sold it maybe we
would have had the performance that we
would have had I tell you
powerful singer singing for Antonio
David that I do not think will continue the case
also I tell you it
is very different because people have
come there are two parts people no no in
support of Rocío Carrasco as such there
were many people who were in support of
Rocío Juradó fander Sciurano fan of the
singers themselves and of the
show that was going to be given because the
songs and the show as such
taking away the things our notes there were
beautiful things okay I would do many
thanks to the tributes of a
feminist collective of course yes well but also if
we put it like that we could also give
good to be the  On the contrary, there
are many, there are many points for which
at the level, at the level of numbers, it was easier
than winning the show in our
degree. Okay, Madrid, as we have
said, is not Malaga, in Madrid,
organized by averages and not by the
kids on YouTube,
organized with the support of a
concert on the wifi is not, we are
going to see each other's faces with
blue t-shirts in a square from
eating each other, it causes divisions, Mercadonas,
we are talking about concerts
singing the songs of the
stars, the most important singers
or the most important in the country,
okay, it is not the same, people are going to
move more to see a concert than to
simply have a good time tomorrow in the
square, they do
not understand, it is different, it is different,
but to compare it, well, there is no
comparison. This, the other was a
concert and that is a concentration and that's it, it
has no
more attraction than the one who wants to support
the cause, it is that, so there was nothing
else than
a concert that brought, well, I'm
going to the concert with my friends, we
have a beer at the entrance, when I leave, you
know that it is a very different engine, yes, but
you know what happens, I shoot that yes, it is
true that the concert for whose
tribute Rocío jurado that  put a
name yes that in part they are
selling it as support for Rocío together with
Rocío Carrasco
it is being sold as support for Rocío Carrasco more
than a tribute to Arroyo in fact I believe that
more than a tribute to Rossi Jurado as
support for Rocío Carrasco yes yes I believe that
the people who fell are more for Rocío Carrasco
than for Rocío Jurado there will be those who
like it a lot, they have figured it and they will have
gone for the figure but but
understanding how the circumstances were going
[Music]